adding a little on permission options in github (#508)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/infrastructure.md

adding new files and modifying existing ones.
Only the person who created the repository will be able to adjust the repository settings.

::::::::::::: spoiler

> Note, the above directions assume your repository is owned by an personal account not an organization account.
> The options for permissions are different when adding collaborators for an organizational account.
> On a personal account, you only have two permission options "owner" or "collaborator", where organization have more roles with varied permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
Note, the above directions assume your repository is owned by an personal account not an organization account.
The options for permissions are different when adding collaborators for an organisational account.
On a personal account, you only have two permission options "owner" or "collaborator", where organisation have more roles with varied permissions.
```

> Note, the above directions assume your repository is owned by an personal account not an organization account.
> The options for permissions are different when adding collaborators for an organizational account.
> On a personal account, you only have two permission options "owner" or "collaborator", where organization have more roles with varied permissions.
> 
> See the [GitHub access permissions webpage](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/access-permissions-on-github) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, the above directions assume your repository is owned by a personal account not an organisation account.
The options for permissions are different when adding collaborators for an organisational account.
On a personal account, you only have two permission options "owner" or "collaborator", where organisations have more roles with varied permissions.

See the [GitHub access permissions webpage](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/learning-about-github/access-permissions-on-github) for more details.
```
